hey guys I'm back with a new how to draw
which is Yoshi Yoshi the little green
dinosaur from the Super Mario series now
the main reason I'm tracing is I can
give you a more accurate sketch of the
drawing and also my setup is crazy chaos
at the moment so it was easier to do
this so I apologize in advance for you
guys hey guys so basically we're gonna
start off with drawing the eye and which
is a really elongated oval shape about
more of a half over and then underneath
will be drawing a small curved line and
then for the eyelid we're going to be
drawn in of the curve line is so I just
fell in the pupil like that and to drais
like more mouths shape we're going to
draw a really big slightly big on half
circle and then draw another curve line
up and then we're going to draw another
curved line just to define his cheek and
then under that we're going to just keep
continuing because that's on your life
where you know he's white compared to
the green over the rest of his body and
we're going to draw a straight but
curved line if that makes sense down and
we'd be leaving a little gap later for
his for his arm and then where we drew
the curve early for his cheek you want
it draw another line down like so I
leave another little gap this really
defines the two different contrasts the
colors of the white and the green his
body and you just draw the little hand
kind of like I don't know as yeah hand
or claw like that and then we'll go back
up and we'll draw another more define of
his head and I will fit in the UM the
little spikes or I'm not too sure you
call them but little triangles would
start begging then go down small when
the next up will be doing the rest of
his saddle which is one big giant kind
of you and then you just kind of draw
another you into that which will define
the rest of it if you're doing
what's showing you but you'd be doing
pretty good so after you've done that
wanna just go up and do a point to
define his tail and then we're just
going to go down and kind of bring it
and then leave another large gap larger
gap then design just we can draw in is
like is tie our leg and it should be
something like so I'm going to just fill
in his boot now what we're going to do
is we're going to be just to give him
more like instead of just one leg we're
going to do a kind of like another look
into it so it looks like you know the
two legs are there so I know it's very
faint but you can contrast this with the
finished results so you can kind of get
um so you can kind of see what the leg
is like well it gives it more of a depth
and more of a 3d look by adding the
extra um extra boot and leg so once you
have that done you can start going back
on any bits that you've done mistake
with or anything and I'm start shading
so you should have something like that
and that's basically really all there is
to do it you all sheet are you like this
one because i miss the Super Mario World
Joshi artwork that I based it off and um
yeah it's pretty original and it's a
really good one for projects or anything
that you want to use it in I want to
make sure you have the underline going
all the way up to the rest of the half
way up to the tail when you've finished
rubbing out on the harsh lines and
defining your she a bit more you should
end up with something like this this
should be your finished result I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and subscribe
for more and leave a comment down below
with any suggestions thank you goodbye